GAT 2023 updates for Galaxy 23.0 (#3988)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/connect-to-compute-cluster/tutorial.md

> <hands-on-title>Making Galaxy aware of DRMAA</hands-on-title>
>

> > 3. First, we need to configure the Slurm job runner. First, we instruct Galaxy's job handlers to load the Slurm job runner plugin, and set the Slurm job submission parameters. A job runner plugin definition must have the `id`, `type`, and `load` attributes. Since we already have a good default destination that uses singularity, we will simply modify that to use the slurm runner. Galaxy will do the equivalent of submitting a job as `sbatch /path/to/job_script.sh`. <!-- Note that we also need to set a default destination now that more than one destination is defined. --> In a `<destination>` tag, the `id` attribute is a unique identifier for that destination and the `runner` attribute must match the `id` of a defined plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. We need to configure the Slurm job runner. First, we instruct Galaxy's job handlers to load the Slurm job runner plugin, and set the Slurm job submission parameters. A job runner plugin definition must have a unique name as its key, and a `load` attribute. Since we already have a good default destination that uses singularity, we will simply modify that to use the slurm runner. Galaxy will do the equivalent of submitting a job as `sbatch /path/to/job_script.sh`. <!-- Note that we also need to set a default destination now that more than one destination is defined. --> In a job environment, the key is a unique identifier for that environment and the `runner` attribute must match the key of a defined runner plugin:
```
Was it still the intent to modify the default destination? Because that wasn't what ended up happening here, and I think this would fail with no default?

Author: yeah, the default , I knew that got dropped somewhere.
